base_delivery_carrier_label/README.rst, before:

==============================
Base module for carrier labels
==============================

.. !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fdelivery_carrier-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/delivery_carrier/tree/12.0/base_delivery_carrier_label
    :alt: OCA/delivery_carrier
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/delivery_carrier-12-0/delivery_carrier-12-0-base_delivery_carrier_label
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| 

This module adds a button on delivery orders to generate a label as an
attachement. This module doesn't do anything by itself, it serves as a
base module for other carrier-specific modules.

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/delivery_carrier/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us smashing it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/OCA/delivery_carrier/issues/new?body=module:%20base_delivery_carrier_label%0Aversion:%2012.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
~~~~~~~

* Camptocamp
* Akretion

Contributors
~~~~~~~~~~~~

* David BEAL <david.beal@akretion.com>
* Sébastien BEAU <sebastien.beau@akretion.com>
* Yannick Vaucher <yannick.vaucher@camptocamp.com>
* Alexis de Lattre <alexis.delattre@akretion.com>
* Angel Moya <angel.moya@pesol.es>
* Ismael Calvo <ismael.calvo@factorlibre.com>
* Dave Lasley <dave@laslabs.com>

Maintainers
~~~~~~~~~~~

This module is maintained by the OCA.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

This module is part of the `OCA/delivery_carrier <https://github.com/OCA/delivery_carrier/tree/12.0/base_delivery_carrier_label>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute. To learn how please visit https://odoo-community.org/page/Contribute.

Commit message:

REFactor base_deliv_carr_label: always use package

base_delivery_carrier_label/README.rst, after:

==============================
Base module for carrier labels
==============================

.. !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fdelivery--carrier-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/delivery-carrier/tree/12.0/base_delivery_carrier_label
    :alt: OCA/delivery-carrier
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/delivery-carrier-12-0/delivery-carrier-12-0-base_delivery_carrier_label
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runbot-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runbot.odoo-community.org/runbot/99/12.0
    :alt: Try me on Runbot

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5| 

This module adds a button on delivery orders to generate a label as an
attachement. This module doesn't do anything by itself, it serves as a
base module for other carrier-specific modules.

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Usage
=====

** How does it works ? **


In picking UI a button "Shipping label" trigger label generation 
calling `action_generate_carrier_label()` in models/stock.picking.py


** How to implement my own carrier ? **


Override `generate_shipping_labels()` which is called by previous method
in the same file.

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/delivery-carrier/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us smashing it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/OCA/delivery-carrier/issues/new?body=module:%20base_delivery_carrier_label%0Aversion:%2012.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
~~~~~~~

* Camptocamp
* Akretion

Contributors
~~~~~~~~~~~~

* David BEAL <david.beal@akretion.com>
* Sébastien BEAU <sebastien.beau@akretion.com>
* Yannick Vaucher <yannick.vaucher@camptocamp.com>
* Alexis de Lattre <alexis.delattre@akretion.com>
* Angel Moya <angel.moya@pesol.es>
* Ismael Calvo <ismael.calvo@factorlibre.com>
* Dave Lasley <dave@laslabs.com>
* Timothée Ringeard <timothee.ringeard@camptocamp.com>

Maintainers
~~~~~~~~~~~

This module is maintained by the OCA.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

This module is part of the `OCA/delivery-carrier <https://github.com/OCA/delivery-carrier/tree/12.0/base_delivery_carrier_label>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute. To learn how please visit https://odoo-community.org/page/Contribute.
